Navigator.plugins, mimeTypes, pdfViewerEnabled updates (#13605)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigator/mimetypes/index.md

  - Property
  - Navigator
  - Reference
  - Deprecated
browser-compat: api.Navigator.mimeTypes
---
{{ ApiRef("HTML DOM") }}{{deprecated_header}}

> Returns a {{domxref("MimeTypeArray")}} object, which contains a list of {{domxref("MimeType")}} objects representing the MIME types recognized/supported by the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a {{domxref("MimeTypeArray")}} object, which contains a list of {{domxref("MimeType")}} objects representing the MIME types recognized and supported by the browser.
```

The array can be queried for information about the enabled plugin that is used to handle a file of the specified type.

> Named properties of returned object are not enumerable (except in very old versions).

Reviewer: Except in very old versions of what? Browsers?

> Named properties of returned object are not enumerable (except in very old versions).

Author: Yes. Good catch. I've updated your suggestion to include the word browser.

Recent versions of the specification hard-code the returned set of MIME types.
If PDF files can be displayed inline then `application/pdf` and `text/pdf` are listed.
Otherwise an empty list is returned.

> **Note:** Use {{domxref("Navigator.pdfViewerEnabled")}} to determine if inline viewing of PDF files is supported (do not infer from this property).

> Legacy browser versions are not hard coded, and might return other MIME types.

Author: ```suggestion
Legacy browser versions do not hard-code the list returned by the property, and might return other MIME types.
```
